---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect-beta_api Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API DataSource
---

# konnect-beta_api (Data Source)

API DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect-beta_api" "my_api" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `api_spec_ids` (List of String) The list of API specification ids for the API.
- `auth_strategy_sync_error` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategy_sync_error))
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `description` (String) A description of your API. Will be visible on your live Portal.
- `id` (String) The API identifier.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) The name of your API. The `name + version` combination must be unique for each API you publish.
- `portals` (Attributes List) The list of portals which this API is published to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--portals))
- `slug` (String) The `slug` is used in generated URLs to provide human readable paths.

Defaults to `slugify(name + version)`
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.
- `version` (String) An optional version for your API. Leave this empty if your API is unversioned.

<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategy_sync_error"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategy_sync_error`

Read-Only:

- `control_plane_error` (String)
- `info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategy_sync_error--info))
- `message` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategy_sync_error--info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategy_sync_error.info`

Read-Only:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `details` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_strategy_sync_error--info--details))

<a id="nestedatt--auth_strategy_sync_error--info--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_strategy_sync_error.info.details`

Read-Only:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `message` (List of String)
- `type` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--portals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `portals`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the portal. This value will be the portal's `name` in Portal API.
- `id` (String) The portal identifier.
- `name` (String) The name of the portal, used to distinguish it from other portals.
