---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect-beta_auth_server_clients_list Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AuthServerClientsList DataSource
---

# konnect-beta_auth_server_clients_list (Data Source)

AuthServerClientsList DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect-beta_auth_server_clients_list" "my_authserverclientslist" {
  auth_server_id = "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
  page_number    = 1
  page_size      = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_server_id` (String) The auth server ID

### Optional

- `page_number` (Number) Determines which page of the entities to retrieve.
- `page_size` (Number) The maximum number of items to include per page. The last page of a collection may include fewer items.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `meta` (Attributes) returns the pagination information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `access_token_duration` (Number) The duration of the minted token is valid for, in seconds
- `allow_all_scopes` (Boolean) Specifies whether the client is allowed to request all scopes
- `allow_scopes` (List of String) Specifies the scopes IDs that the client is allowed to request
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `grant_types` (List of String) List of OAuth 2.0 grant types
- `id` (String) The OAuth 2.0 client ID
- `id_token_duration` (Number) The duration of the minted token is valid for, in seconds
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `login_uri` (String) The URI of the login page where the user is redirected to authenticate in interactive flows. The login page must be secure (HTTPS).
- `name` (String) The name of the client
- `redirect_uris` (List of String) The URIs that the client is allowed to redirect to after authentication in interactive flows. All redirect URIs must be absolute URIs, be secure (HTTPS), and must not include a fragment component.
- `response_types` (List of String) List of OAuth 2.0 response types
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.


<a id="nestedatt--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Read-Only:

- `page` (Attributes) Contains pagination query parameters and the total number of objects returned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta--page))

<a id="nestedatt--meta--page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta.page`

Read-Only:

- `number` (Number)
- `size` (Number)
- `total` (Number)
