---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect-beta_auth_server_list Data Source - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AuthServerList DataSource
---

# konnect-beta_auth_server_list (Data Source)

AuthServerList DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "konnect-beta_auth_server_list" "my_authserverlist" {
  page_number = 1
  page_size   = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `page_number` (Number) Determines which page of the entities to retrieve.
- `page_size` (Number) The maximum number of items to include per page. The last page of a collection may include fewer items.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `meta` (Attributes) returns the pagination information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta))

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `audience` (String) The recipients that the tokens are intended for. This becomes the 'aud' claim in an access token
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `description` (String) The description of the auth server
- `id` (String) The ID of the auth server
- `issuer` (String) The complete URL for the custom authorization server. This becomes the 'iss' claim in an access token.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `metadata_uri` (String) The URI of the metadata document for the auth server
- `name` (String) The name of the auth server
- `signing_algorithm` (String) Algorithm used in the key signing process
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.


<a id="nestedatt--meta"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta`

Read-Only:

- `page` (Attributes) Contains pagination query parameters and the total number of objects returned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--meta--page))

<a id="nestedatt--meta--page"></a>
### Nested Schema for `meta.page`

Read-Only:

- `number` (Number)
- `size` (Number)
- `total` (Number)
