---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_api Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  API Resource
---

# konnect_api (Resource)

API Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_api" "my_api" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  attributes  = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  description = "...my_description..."
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name = "MyAPI"
  slug = "my-api-v1"
  spec = {
    api_spec_content_payload = {
      content = "{\"openapi\":\"3.0.3\",\"info\":{\"title\":\"Example API\",\"version\":\"1.0.0\"},\"paths\":{\"/example\":{\"get\":{\"summary\":\"Example endpoint\",\"responses\":{\"200\":{\"description\":\"Successful response\"}}}}}}"
    }
  }
  spec_content = "...my_spec_content..."
  version      = "...my_version..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of your API. The `name + version` combination must be unique for each API you publish.

### Optional

- `attributes` (String) A set of attributes that describe the API. Parsed as JSON.
- `description` (String) A description of your API. Will be visible on your live Portal.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `slug` (String) The `slug` is used in generated URLs to provide human readable paths.

Defaults to `slugify(name + version)`
- `spec` (Attributes) Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `spec_content` (String) The content of the API specification. This is the raw content of the API specification, in json or yaml. By including this field, you can add a API specification without having to make a separate call to update the API specification. Requires replacement if changed.
- `version` (String) An optional version for your API. Leave this empty if your API is unversioned.

### Read-Only

- `api_spec_ids` (List of String, Deprecated) The list of API specification ids for the API.
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The API identifier.
- `implementation_mode` (String) the implementations that are associated with this api either gateway_entity_binding or access_control_enforcement
- `portals` (Attributes List) The list of portals which this API is published to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--portals))
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `api_spec_content_payload` (Attributes) The raw content of API specification, in json or yaml format (OpenAPI or AsyncAPI). Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_spec_content_payload))
- `api_spec_provider_payload` (Attributes) Represent spec provider information used for fetching the API spec. For raw, provide the raw content in the `content` property instead of using this provider. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_spec_content_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_spec_content_payload`

Required:

- `content` (String) Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_spec_provider_payload`

Required:

- `provider` (Attributes) Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_spec_provider_payload.provider`

Optional:

- `integration_api_spec_provider_payload` (Attributes) API spec provider registered by a catalog integration.

Integrations can function as API spec providers where they register a globally unique
`type` and config schema which defines the shape of `config`.

Consult integration documentation to learn more about available API spec providers.
Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--integration_api_spec_provider_payload))
- `resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload` (Attributes) API spec provider registered by a catalog integration.

These providers differ from `IntegrationApiSpecProvider` in that they
denote a binding relationship between a resource type and the API spec.
This means that the API Spec will automatically be created/deleted for/from a service
as resources of the given type are mapped/unmapped.

Consult integration documentation to learn more about available API spec providers.
Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload))
- `urlapi_spec_provider` (Attributes) Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--urlapi_spec_provider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--integration_api_spec_provider_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_spec_provider_payload.provider.integration_api_spec_provider_payload`

Required:

- `config` (Map of String) JSON object containing values as defined by integration provider's config schema. Requires replacement if changed.
- `integration_instance` (String) The integration instance id or name. Requires replacement if changed.
- `type` (String) The globally unique API spec provider type that is registered by a given catalog integration. Requires replacement if changed.


<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_spec_provider_payload.provider.resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload`

Required:

- `config` (Attributes) Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload--config))
- `type` (String) The globally unique API spec provider type that is registered by a given catalog integration.
Resource-bound providers create a 1-to-1 mapping between a resource type and the API Spec.
Requires replacement if changed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_spec_provider_payload.provider.resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload.config`

Required:

- `resource_id` (String) ID of the associated Resource the API spec is bound to. Requires replacement if changed.



<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--urlapi_spec_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_spec_provider_payload.provider.urlapi_spec_provider`

Required:

- `config` (Attributes) Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--urlapi_spec_provider--config))
- `type` (String) must be "url"; Requires replacement if changed.

<a id="nestedatt--spec--api_spec_provider_payload--provider--urlapi_spec_provider--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.api_spec_provider_payload.provider.urlapi_spec_provider.config`

Required:

- `url` (String) Public URL that resolves to the raw API spec contents.
Supported formats are JSON and YAML.
Requires replacement if changed.






<a id="nestedatt--portals"></a>
### Nested Schema for `portals`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the portal. This value will be the portal's `name` in Portal API.
- `id` (String) The portal identifier.
- `name` (String) The name of the portal, used to distinguish it from other portals.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_api.my_konnect_api
  id = "9f5061ce-78f6-4452-9108-ad7c02821fd5"
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_api.my_konnect_api "9f5061ce-78f6-4452-9108-ad7c02821fd5"
```
