---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_api_version Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  APIVersion Resource
---

# konnect_api_version (Resource)

APIVersion Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_api_version" "my_apiversion" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  api_id = "9f5061ce-78f6-4452-9108-ad7c02821fd5"
  spec = {
    content = "{\"openapi\":\"3.0.3\",\"info\":{\"title\":\"Example API\",\"version\":\"1.0.0\"},\"paths\":{\"/example\":{\"get\":{\"summary\":\"Example endpoint\",\"responses\":{\"200\":{\"description\":\"Successful response\"}}}}}}"
    provider = {
      urlapi_spec_provider = {
        config = {
          url = "https://api.petstore.com/v3/openapi.json"
        }
        type = "url"
      }
    }
  }
  version = "1.0.0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `api_id` (String) The UUID API identifier
- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `version` (String) The version of the api.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The API version identifier.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `content` (String) The raw content of API specification, in json or yaml format (OpenAPI or AsyncAPI).
- `provider` (Attributes) Represent spec provider information used for fetching the API spec. For raw, provide the raw content in the `content` property instead of using this provider. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider))

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of specification being stored. This allows us to render the specification correctly.
- `validation_messages` (Attributes List) The errors that occurred while parsing the API version spec. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--validation_messages))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider`

Optional:

- `integration_api_spec_provider_payload` (Attributes) API spec provider registered by a catalog integration.

Integrations can function as API spec providers where they register a globally unique
`type` and config schema which defines the shape of `config`.

Consult integration documentation to learn more about available API spec providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--integration_api_spec_provider_payload))
- `resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload` (Attributes) API spec provider registered by a catalog integration.

These providers differ from `IntegrationApiSpecProvider` in that they
denote a binding relationship between a resource type and the API spec.
This means that the API Spec will automatically be created/deleted for/from a service
as resources of the given type are mapped/unmapped.

Consult integration documentation to learn more about available API spec providers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload))
- `urlapi_spec_provider` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--urlapi_spec_provider))

Read-Only:

- `raw_api_spec_provider` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--raw_api_spec_provider))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--integration_api_spec_provider_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.integration_api_spec_provider_payload`

Optional:

- `config` (Map of String) JSON object containing values as defined by integration provider's config schema. Not Null
- `integration_instance` (String) The integration instance id or name. Not Null
- `type` (String) The globally unique API spec provider type that is registered by a given catalog integration. Not Null


<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload`

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) Not Null (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload--config))
- `type` (String) The globally unique API spec provider type that is registered by a given catalog integration.
Resource-bound providers create a 1-to-1 mapping between a resource type and the API Spec.
Not Null

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.resource_bound_integration_api_spec_provider_payload.config`

Optional:

- `resource_id` (String) ID of the associated Resource the API spec is bound to. Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--urlapi_spec_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.urlapi_spec_provider`

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) Not Null (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--urlapi_spec_provider--config))
- `type` (String) Not Null; must be "url"

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--urlapi_spec_provider--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.urlapi_spec_provider.config`

Optional:

- `url` (String) Public URL that resolves to the raw API spec contents.
Supported formats are JSON and YAML.
Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--raw_api_spec_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.raw_api_spec_provider`

Read-Only:

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--provider--raw_api_spec_provider--config))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--spec--provider--raw_api_spec_provider--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.provider.raw_api_spec_provider.config`




<a id="nestedatt--spec--validation_messages"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.validation_messages`

Read-Only:

- `message` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_api_version.my_konnect_api_version
  id = jsonencode({
    api_id = "9f5061ce-78f6-4452-9108-ad7c02821fd5"
    id     = "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_api_version.my_konnect_api_version '{"api_id": "9f5061ce-78f6-4452-9108-ad7c02821fd5", "id": "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"}'
```
