---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_auth_server_clients Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AuthServerClients Resource
---

# konnect_auth_server_clients (Resource)

AuthServerClients Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_auth_server_clients" "my_authserverclients" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  access_token_duration = 1458901
  allow_all_scopes      = true
  allow_scopes = [
    "247c0ad0-5487-46a8-bedf-a569c07c2442"
  ]
  auth_server_id = "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
  grant_types = [
    "authorization_code"
  ]
  id_token_duration = 961077
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  login_uri = "https://inexperienced-meander.net"
  name      = "...my_name..."
  redirect_uris = [
    "https://flashy-sauerkraut.com/"
  ]
  response_types = [
    "none"
  ]
  token_endpoint_auth_method = "client_secret_post"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_server_id` (String) The auth server ID
- `grant_types` (List of String) List of OAuth 2.0 grant types
- `name` (String) The name of the client
- `response_types` (List of String) List of OAuth 2.0 response types

### Optional

- `access_token_duration` (Number) The duration of the minted token is valid for, in seconds. Default: 300
- `allow_all_scopes` (Boolean) Specifies whether the client is allowed to request all scopes. Default: false
- `allow_scopes` (List of String) Specifies the scopes IDs that the client is allowed to request
- `id_token_duration` (Number) The duration of the minted token is valid for, in seconds. Default: 300
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `login_uri` (String) The URI of the login page where the user is redirected to authenticate in interactive flows. The login page must be secure (HTTPS).
- `redirect_uris` (List of String) The URIs that the client is allowed to redirect to after authentication in interactive flows. All redirect URIs must be absolute URIs, be secure (HTTPS), and must not include a fragment component.
- `token_endpoint_auth_method` (String) Requested authentication method for OAuth 2.0 endpoints. Default: "client_secret_post"; must be one of ["client_secret_post", "none"]

### Read-Only

- `client_secret` (String) The OAuth 2.0 client secret
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The OAuth 2.0 client ID
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_auth_server_clients.my_konnect_auth_server_clients '{"auth_server_id": "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a", "id": "kYa9iQFU5xPDSIUH9z1z"}'
```
