---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_auth_server_claims Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AuthServerClaims Resource
---

# konnect_auth_server_claims (Resource)

AuthServerClaims Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_auth_server_claims" "my_authserverclaims" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  auth_server_id        = "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a"
  enabled               = false
  include_in_all_scopes = false
  include_in_scopes = [
    "ee406f81-4a0f-4902-bca4-091a176f4915"
  ]
  include_in_token = false
  name             = "...my_name..."
  value            = "...my_value..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_server_id` (String) The auth server ID
- `name` (String) The name of the claim
- `value` (String) Specifies the value of the claim. It may contain a static value or a dynamic (templated) value. Static values which are valid JSON will result in a JSON object in the token claims.

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether the claim is enabled. If the claim is not enabled, it will not be included in the token or the '/userinfo' endpoint. Default: true
- `include_in_all_scopes` (Boolean) Specifies whether to include the claim in all scopes. If the value is set to 'false' for a claim, the claim is only included in the scopes that explicitly list it. Default: false
- `include_in_scopes` (List of String) Specifies the scopes IDs in which the claim is included
- `include_in_token` (Boolean) Specifies whether to include claim in the token. If the value is set to 'false' for a claim, the client instead uses the access token to get claims from the '/userinfo' endpoint. Default: false

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The ID of the claim
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_auth_server_claims.my_konnect_auth_server_claims '{"auth_server_id": "d32d905a-ed33-46a3-a093-d8f536af9a8a", "id": "07d05309-45cc-4b37-92fb-1524846deec3"}'
```
