---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_produce_policy_encrypt Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventGatewayVirtualClusterProducePolicyEncrypt Resource
---

# konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_produce_policy_encrypt (Resource)

EventGatewayVirtualClusterProducePolicyEncrypt Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_produce_policy_encrypt" "my_eventgatewayvirtualclusterproducepolicyencrypt" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  condition = "context.topic.name.endsWith('my_suffix')"
  config = {
    encrypt = [
      {
        key_id         = "static://static-key-named-in-source"
        part_of_record = "value"
      }
    ]
    failure_mode = "passthrough"
    key_sources = [
      {
        aws = {
          # ...
        }
      }
    ]
  }
  description = "...my_description..."
  enabled     = false
  gateway_id  = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name               = "...my_name..."
  parent_policy_id   = "47ed5d4b-bb91-44d5-bf33-af3bff430488"
  virtual_cluster_id = "0d978e42-866e-4ee2-9e7d-5018d60a8a35"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The UUID of your Gateway.
- `virtual_cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Virtual Cluster.

### Optional

- `condition` (String) A string containing the boolean expression that determines whether the policy is applied.
- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the encrypt policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the policy.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the policy is enabled. Default: true
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) A unique user-defined name of the policy.
- `parent_policy_id` (String) When specified, it sets the ID of the parent policy. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the policy.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `encrypt` (Attributes List) Describes what parts of a record to encrypt. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--encrypt))
- `failure_mode` (String) Describes how to handle failing encryption or decryption.
Use `error` if the record should be rejected if encryption or decryption fails.
Use `passthrough` to ignore encryption or decryption failure and continue proxying the record.
must be one of ["error", "passthrough"]
- `key_sources` (Attributes List) Describes how to find a symmetric key for encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--key_sources))

<a id="nestedatt--config--encrypt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.encrypt`

Required:

- `key_id` (String) The id of the key to use for encryption. It must match one of the keys defined in the policy's key_sources.

An ID is a URI where the scheme refers to the type of key source and the rest is source-specific:
- static: the id defined in the list of static keys
- aws: a KMS key ARN
- `part_of_record` (String) * key - encrypt the record key
* value - encrypt the record value
must be one of ["key", "value"]


<a id="nestedatt--config--key_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.key_sources`

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) A key source that uses an AWS KMS to find a symmetric key. Load KMS credentials from the environment.

See [aws docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-rust/latest/dg/credproviders.html#credproviders-default-credentials-provider-chain)
for more information about how credential retrieval. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--key_sources--aws))
- `static` (Attributes) A key source that uses a static symmetric key. The key is provided as a base64-encoded string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--key_sources--static))

<a id="nestedatt--config--key_sources--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.key_sources.aws`


<a id="nestedatt--config--key_sources--static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.key_sources.static`

Required:

- `keys` (Attributes List) A list of static, user-provided keys. Each one must be 128 bits long. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--key_sources--static--keys))

<a id="nestedatt--config--key_sources--static--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.key_sources.static.keys`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the key.
- `key` (String) A template string expression containing a reference to a secret

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_produce_policy_encrypt.my_konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_produce_policy_encrypt '{"gateway_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "virtual_cluster_id": ""}'
```
