---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy_schema_validation Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventGatewayVirtualClusterConsumePolicySchemaValidation Resource
---

# konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy_schema_validation (Resource)

EventGatewayVirtualClusterConsumePolicySchemaValidation Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy_schema_validation" "my_eventgatewayvirtualclusterconsumepolicyschemavalidation" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  condition = "context.topic.name.endsWith('my_suffix')"
  config = {
    key_validation_action = "skip"
    schema_registry = {
      schema_registry_reference_by_id = {
        id = "33d5eb35-0229-4eb7-b590-6a91e82ef8ff"
      }
    }
    type                    = "json"
    value_validation_action = "mark"
  }
  description = "...my_description..."
  enabled     = false
  gateway_id  = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name               = "...my_name..."
  parent_policy_id   = "7c3f71d6-cac7-4f75-a3d1-4bd94b2fa3d3"
  virtual_cluster_id = "41536846-8e2c-4a95-bf7c-0f0a423eca01"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The UUID of your Gateway.
- `virtual_cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Virtual Cluster.

### Optional

- `condition` (String) A string containing the boolean expression that determines whether the policy is applied.
- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the schema validation policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the policy.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the policy is enabled. Default: true
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) A unique user-defined name of the policy.
- `parent_policy_id` (String) When specified, it sets the ID of the parent policy. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the policy.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `key_validation_action` (String) Defines a behavior when record key is not valid.
* mark - marks a record with kong/server header and client ID value
  to help to identify the clients violating schema.
* skip - skips delivering a record.
must be one of ["mark", "skip"]
- `type` (String) How to validate the schema and parse the record.
* confluent_schema_registry - validates against confluent schema registry.
* json - simple JSON parsing without the schema.
must be one of ["confluent_schema_registry", "json"]
- `value_validation_action` (String) Defines a behavior when record value is not valid.
* mark - marks a record with kong/server header and client ID value
  to help to identify the clients violating schema.
* skip - skips delivering a record.
must be one of ["mark", "skip"]

Optional:

- `schema_registry` (Attributes) A reference to a schema Registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry))

<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry`

Optional:

- `schema_registry_reference_by_id` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--schema_registry_reference_by_id))
- `schema_registry_reference_by_name` (Attributes) Reference a schema registry by its unique name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--schema_registry--schema_registry_reference_by_name))

<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--schema_registry_reference_by_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.schema_registry_reference_by_id`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the schema registry.


<a id="nestedatt--config--schema_registry--schema_registry_reference_by_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.schema_registry.schema_registry_reference_by_name`

Required:

- `name` (String) The unique name of the schema registry.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy_schema_validation.my_konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy_schema_validation '{"gateway_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "virtual_cluster_id": ""}'
```
