---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_event_gateway_vault Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventGatewayVault Resource
---

# konnect_event_gateway_vault (Resource)

EventGatewayVault Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_event_gateway_vault" "my_eventgatewayvault" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  env = {
    config = {
      prefix = "KONG_"
    }
    description = "...my_description..."
    labels = {
      key = "value"
    }
    name = "...my_name..."
    type = "env"
  }
  gateway_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The UUID of your Gateway.

### Optional

- `env` (Attributes) An environment vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env))

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the vault.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the vault.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) The name of the vault.
- `type` (String) The type of the vault.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--env"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the vault.
- `type` (String) must be "env"

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the environment vault. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env--config))
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the vault.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".

<a id="nestedatt--env--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env.config`

Optional:

- `prefix` (String) The optional prefix for environment variables.



<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_event_gateway_vault.my_konnect_event_gateway_vault '{"gateway_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": ""}'
```
