---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventGatewayVirtualClusterConsumePolicy Resource
---

# konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy (Resource)

EventGatewayVirtualClusterConsumePolicy Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy" "my_eventgatewayvirtualclusterconsumepolicy" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  decrypt = {
    condition = "context.topic.name.endsWith('my_suffix')"
    config = {
      decrypt = [
        {
          part_of_record = "key"
        }
      ]
      failure_mode = "error"
      key_sources = [
        {
          aws = {
            type = "aws"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
    description = "...my_description..."
    enabled     = false
    labels = {
      key = "value"
    }
    name = "...my_name..."
    type = "decrypt"
  }
  gateway_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
  modify_headers = {
    condition = "context.topic.name.endsWith('my_suffix')"
    config = {
      actions = [
        {
          remove = {
            key = "...my_key..."
            op  = "remove"
          }
        }
      ]
    }
    description = "...my_description..."
    enabled     = false
    labels = {
      key = "value"
    }
    name = "...my_name..."
    type = "modify_headers"
  }
  parent_policy_id = "8df180ce-a71e-4f3c-8749-4f35ff3ab10d"
  schema_validation = {
    condition = "context.topic.name.endsWith('my_suffix')"
    config = {
      key_validation_action = "skip"
      schema_registry = {
        schema_registry_reference_by_id = {
          id = "7671d8af-bc5a-4d37-9234-171178b1a48d"
        }
      }
      type                    = "json"
      value_validation_action = "skip"
    }
    description = "...my_description..."
    enabled     = true
    labels = {
      key = "value"
    }
    name = "...my_name..."
    type = "schema_validation"
  }
  virtual_cluster_id = "47a96a37-fce2-44e7-966b-b0c02a478a0f"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The UUID of your Gateway.
- `virtual_cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Virtual Cluster.

### Optional

- `decrypt` (Attributes) Decrypts portions of Kafka records using AES_128_GCM. Keys are therefore 128 bits long. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decrypt))
- `modify_headers` (Attributes) A policy that modifies headers for requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--modify_headers))
- `parent_policy_id` (String) When specified, it sets the ID of the parent policy. Requires replacement if changed.
- `schema_validation` (Attributes) A policy that validates consume messages against a schema registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_validation))

### Read-Only

- `condition` (String) A string containing the boolean expression that determines whether the policy is applied.
- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the policy.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the policy is enabled. Default: true
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the policy.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) A unique user-defined name of the policy.
- `type` (String) The type name of the policy.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--decrypt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `decrypt`

Required:

- `type` (String) must be "decrypt"

Optional:

- `condition` (String) A string containing the boolean expression that determines whether the policy is applied.
- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the decrypt policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decrypt--config))
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the policy.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the policy is enabled. Default: true
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) A unique user-defined name of the policy.

<a id="nestedatt--decrypt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `decrypt.config`

Required:

- `decrypt` (Attributes List) Describes what parts of a record to decrypt. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decrypt--config--decrypt))
- `failure_mode` (String) Describes how to handle failing encryption or decryption.
Use `error` if the record should be rejected if encryption or decryption fails.
Use `passthrough` to ignore encryption or decryption failure and continue proxying the record.
must be one of ["error", "passthrough"]
- `key_sources` (Attributes List) Describes how to find a symmetric key for decryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decrypt--config--key_sources))

<a id="nestedatt--decrypt--config--decrypt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `decrypt.config.decrypt`

Required:

- `part_of_record` (String) * key - decrypt the record key
* value - decrypt the record value
must be one of ["key", "value"]


<a id="nestedatt--decrypt--config--key_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `decrypt.config.key_sources`

Optional:

- `aws` (Attributes) A key source that uses an AWS KMS to find a symmetric key. Load KMS credentials from the environment.

See [aws docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-rust/latest/dg/credproviders.html#credproviders-default-credentials-provider-chain)
for more information about how credential retrieval. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decrypt--config--key_sources--aws))
- `static` (Attributes) A key source that uses a static symmetric key. The key is provided as a base64-encoded string. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decrypt--config--key_sources--static))

<a id="nestedatt--decrypt--config--key_sources--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `decrypt.config.key_sources.aws`

Required:

- `type` (String) must be "aws"


<a id="nestedatt--decrypt--config--key_sources--static"></a>
### Nested Schema for `decrypt.config.key_sources.static`

Required:

- `keys` (Attributes List) A list of static, user-provided keys. Each one must be 128 bits long. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--decrypt--config--key_sources--static--keys))
- `type` (String) must be "static"

<a id="nestedatt--decrypt--config--key_sources--static--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `decrypt.config.key_sources.static.keys`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the key.
- `key` (String) A template string expression containing a reference to a secret






<a id="nestedatt--modify_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `modify_headers`

Required:

- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the modify headers policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--modify_headers--config))
- `type` (String) must be "modify_headers"

Optional:

- `condition` (String) A string containing the boolean expression that determines whether the policy is applied.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the policy.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the policy is enabled. Default: true
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) A unique user-defined name of the policy.

<a id="nestedatt--modify_headers--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `modify_headers.config`

Optional:

- `actions` (Attributes List) Actions are run in sequential order and act on individual headers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--modify_headers--config--actions))

<a id="nestedatt--modify_headers--config--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `modify_headers.config.actions`

Optional:

- `remove` (Attributes) An action that removes a header by key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--modify_headers--config--actions--remove))
- `set` (Attributes) An action that sets a header key and value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--modify_headers--config--actions--set))

<a id="nestedatt--modify_headers--config--actions--remove"></a>
### Nested Schema for `modify_headers.config.actions.remove`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the header to remove.
- `op` (String) must be "remove"


<a id="nestedatt--modify_headers--config--actions--set"></a>
### Nested Schema for `modify_headers.config.actions.set`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the header to set.
- `op` (String) must be "set"
- `value` (String) The value of the header to set.





<a id="nestedatt--schema_validation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_validation`

Required:

- `type` (String) must be "schema_validation"

Optional:

- `condition` (String) A string containing the boolean expression that determines whether the policy is applied.
- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the schema validation policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_validation--config))
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the policy.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the policy is enabled. Default: true
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) A unique user-defined name of the policy.

<a id="nestedatt--schema_validation--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_validation.config`

Required:

- `key_validation_action` (String) Defines a behavior when record key is not valid.
* mark - marks a record with kong/server header and client ID value
  to help to identify the clients violating schema.
* skip - skips delivering a record.
must be one of ["mark", "skip"]
- `type` (String) How to validate the schema and parse the record.
* confluent_schema_registry - validates against confluent schema registry.
* json - simple JSON parsing without the schema.
must be one of ["confluent_schema_registry", "json"]
- `value_validation_action` (String) Defines a behavior when record value is not valid.
* mark - marks a record with kong/server header and client ID value
  to help to identify the clients violating schema.
* skip - skips delivering a record.
must be one of ["mark", "skip"]

Optional:

- `schema_registry` (Attributes) A reference to a schema Registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_validation--config--schema_registry))

<a id="nestedatt--schema_validation--config--schema_registry"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_validation.config.schema_registry`

Optional:

- `schema_registry_reference_by_id` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_validation--config--schema_registry--schema_registry_reference_by_id))
- `schema_registry_reference_by_name` (Attributes) Reference a schema registry by its unique name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--schema_validation--config--schema_registry--schema_registry_reference_by_name))

<a id="nestedatt--schema_validation--config--schema_registry--schema_registry_reference_by_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_validation.config.schema_registry.schema_registry_reference_by_id`

Required:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the schema registry.


<a id="nestedatt--schema_validation--config--schema_registry--schema_registry_reference_by_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schema_validation.config.schema_registry.schema_registry_reference_by_name`

Required:

- `name` (String) The unique name of the schema registry.





<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy.my_konnect_event_gateway_virtual_cluster_consume_policy '{"gateway_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "virtual_cluster_id": ""}'
```
