---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  EventGatewaySchemaRegistry Resource
---

# konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry (Resource)

EventGatewaySchemaRegistry Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry" "my_eventgatewayschemaregistry" {
  provider = konnect-beta
confluent = {
    config = {
            authentication = {
        basic = {
    password = "${env['MY_SECRET']}"
    type = "basic"
    username = "...my_username..."
}
        }
        endpoint = "https://key-hovercraft.com"
        schema_type = "avro"
        timeout_seconds = 8
    }
    description = "...my_description..."
    labels = {
        key = "value"
    }
    name = "...my_name..."
    type = "confluent"
}
    gateway_id = "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The UUID of your Gateway.

### Optional

- `confluent` (Attributes) A Confluent schema registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--confluent))

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of the schema registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the virtual cluster.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the schema registry.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".
- `name` (String) The unique name of the schema registry.
- `type` (String) The type of the schema registry.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--confluent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `confluent`

Required:

- `config` (Attributes) The configuration of [Confluent Schema Registry](https://github.com/confluentinc/schema-registry) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--confluent--config))
- `name` (String) The unique name of the schema registry.
- `type` (String) must be "confluent"

Optional:

- `description` (String) A human-readable description of the virtual cluster.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels store metadata of an entity that can be used for filtering an entity list or for searching across entity types. 

Keys must be of length 1-63 characters, and cannot start with "kong", "konnect", "mesh", "kic", or "_".

<a id="nestedatt--confluent--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `confluent.config`

Required:

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint of the Confluent schema registry.
- `schema_type` (String) The format of the message. must be one of ["avro", "json"]

Optional:

- `authentication` (Attributes) The authentication configuration for the schema registry. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--confluent--config--authentication))
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Total time in seconds from establishing connection to receive a response from schema registry. Default: 10

<a id="nestedatt--confluent--config--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `confluent.config.authentication`

Optional:

- `basic` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--confluent--config--authentication--basic))

<a id="nestedatt--confluent--config--authentication--basic"></a>
### Nested Schema for `confluent.config.authentication.basic`

Required:

- `password` (String) A template string expression containing a reference to a secret
- `type` (String) must be "basic"
- `username` (String) A template string expression containing a reference to a secret or a literal value





<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry.my_konnect_event_gateway_schema_registry '{"gateway_id": "9524ec7d-36d9-465d-a8c5-83a3c9390458", "id": ""}'
```
