---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_mesh_zone_ingress Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeshZoneIngress Resource
---

# konnect_mesh_zone_ingress (Resource)

MeshZoneIngress Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_mesh_zone_ingress" "my_meshzoneingress" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  available_services = [
    {
      external_service = false
      instances        = 10
      mesh             = "...my_mesh..."
      tags = {
        key = "value"
      }
    }
  ]
  cp_id = "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  name = "...my_name..."
  networking = {
    address = "...my_address..."
    admin = {
      port = 9
    }
    advertised_address = "...my_advertised_address..."
    advertised_port    = 2
    port               = 0
  }
  type = "...my_type..."
  zone = "...my_zone..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cp_id` (String) Id of the Konnect resource. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) name of the ZoneIngress
- `type` (String)

### Optional

- `available_services` (Attributes List) AvailableService contains tags that represent unique subset of
endpoints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--available_services))
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `networking` (Attributes) Networking defines the address and port of the Ingress to listen on.
Additionally publicly advertised address and port could be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networking))
- `zone` (String) Zone field contains Zone name where ingress is serving, field will be
automatically set by Global Kuma CP

### Read-Only

- `warnings` (List of String) warnings is a list of warning messages to return to the requesting Kuma API clients.
Warning messages describe a problem the client making the API request should correct or be aware of.

<a id="nestedatt--available_services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `available_services`

Optional:

- `external_service` (Boolean) instance of external service available from the zone
- `instances` (Number) number of instances available for given tags
- `mesh` (String) mesh of the instances available for given tags
- `tags` (Map of String) tags of the service


<a id="nestedatt--networking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networking`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address on which inbound listener will be exposed
- `admin` (Attributes) Admin contains configuration related to Envoy Admin API (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networking--admin))
- `advertised_address` (String) AdvertisedAddress defines IP or DNS name on which ZoneIngress is
accessible to other Kuma clusters.
- `advertised_port` (Number) AdvertisedPort defines port on which ZoneIngress is accessible to other
Kuma clusters.
- `port` (Number) Port of the inbound interface that will forward requests to the service.

<a id="nestedatt--networking--admin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networking.admin`

Optional:

- `port` (Number) Port on which Envoy Admin API server will be listening

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_mesh_zone_ingress.my_konnect_mesh_zone_ingress '{"cp_id": "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b", "name": ""}'
```
