---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect-beta_mesh_trust Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MeshTrust Resource
---

# konnect-beta_mesh_trust (Resource)

MeshTrust Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect-beta_mesh_trust" "my_meshtrust" {
  cp_id = "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  mesh = "...my_mesh..."
  name = "...my_name..."
  spec = {
    ca_bundles = [
      {
        pem = {
          value = "...my_value..."
        }
        type = "Pem"
      }
    ]
    origin = {
      kri = "...my_kri..."
    }
    trust_domain = "...my_trust_domain..."
  }
  type = "MeshTrust"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cp_id` (String) Id of the Konnect resource. Requires replacement if changed.
- `mesh` (String) name of the mesh. Requires replacement if changed.
- `name` (String) name of the MeshTrust. Requires replacement if changed.
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma MeshTrust resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `type` (String) the type of the resource. must be "MeshTrust"

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) The labels to help identity resources

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Time at which the resource was created
- `kri` (String) A unique identifier for this resource instance used by internal tooling and integrations. Typically derived from resource attributes and may be used for cross-references or indexing
- `modification_time` (String) Time at which the resource was updated
- `warnings` (List of String) warnings is a list of warning messages to return to the requesting Kuma API clients.
Warning messages describe a problem the client making the API request should correct or be aware of.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `ca_bundles` (Attributes List) CABundles contains a list of CA bundles supported by this TrustDomain.
At least one CA bundle must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ca_bundles))
- `trust_domain` (String) TrustDomain is the trust domain associated with this resource.

Optional:

- `origin` (Attributes) Origin specifies whether the resource was created from a MeshIdentity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--origin))

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ca_bundles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ca_bundles`

Optional:

- `pem` (Attributes) Pem contains the PEM-encoded CA bundle if the Type is set to a PEM-based format. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec--ca_bundles--pem))
- `type` (String) Type specifies the format or source type of the CA bundle. Not Null; must be "Pem"

<a id="nestedatt--spec--ca_bundles--pem"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.ca_bundles.pem`

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value holds the PEM-encoded CA bundle as a string. Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--spec--origin"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec.origin`

Optional:

- `kri` (String) Resource identifier

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect-beta_mesh_trust.my_konnect-beta_mesh_trust '{"cp_id": "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b", "mesh": "", "name": ""}'
```
