---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_resource Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Resource
---

# konnect_resource (Resource)

Resource Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_resource" "my_resource" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  data                    = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  integration_instance_id = "3f51fa25-310a-421d-bd1a-007f859021a3"
  resource_id             = "AflTNLY0tTQhv2my"
  type                    = "gateway_svc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `integration_instance_id` (String) The `id` of the integration instance.
- `resource_id` (String) The `id` of the resource.
- `type` (String) The resource type. Available resource types are compiled from the integrations installed within the catalog. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `data` (String) JSON object representing the properties used to identify the resource in the third-party system.
The schema depends on the resource type and is dynamically registered at runtime.
Requires replacement if changed.; Parsed as JSON.

### Read-Only

- `archived` (Boolean) Whether or not the resource has been archived.
- `attributes` (Map of String) JSON object containing schemaless attributes of the resource.
This field is always populated by the system backing the integration.
When `null`, the resource has been manually initialized via API but has
yet to be hydrated by the integration.
- `config` (String) JSON object representing the properties used to identify the resource in the third-party system.
The schema depends on the resource type and is dynamically registered at runtime.
Parsed as JSON.
- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The resource ID.
- `integration` (Attributes) Short-hand descriptor of an integration installed within the catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration))
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
Will be `null` when the resource has not yet been hydrated by the integration.
- `service_associations` (Number) The number of catalog services this resource is mapped to.
- `updated_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity update date.

<a id="nestedatt--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String)
- `instance` (Attributes) Short-hand descriptor of an integration instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--integration--instance))
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--integration--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `integration.instance`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the integration instance.
- `id` (String) The integration instance ID.
- `name` (String) The machine name of the integration instance that uniquely identifies it within the catalog.
