---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_resource_mapping Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ResourceMapping Resource
---

# konnect_resource_mapping (Resource)

ResourceMapping Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_resource_mapping" "my_resourcemapping" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  resource_id = "4UdXnoaDYYJsH_Ir"
  service_id  = "user-svc"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_id` (String) The resource ID. Requires replacement if changed.
- `service_id` (String) The `id` or `name` of the service to map the resource to. Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) An ISO-8601 timestamp representation of entity creation date.
- `id` (String) The resource mapping ID.
- `resource` (Attributes) Short-hand descriptor of a catalog resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource))
- `service` (Attributes) Short-hand descriptor of a catalog service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))

<a id="nestedatt--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource`

Read-Only:

- `config` (String) JSON object representing the properties used to identify the resource in the third-party system.
The schema depends on the resource type and is dynamically registered at runtime.
Parsed as JSON.
- `id` (String) The resource ID.
- `integration` (Attributes) Short-hand descriptor of an integration installed within the catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource--integration))
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
- `type` (String) The resource type. Available resource types are compiled from the integrations installed within the catalog.

<a id="nestedatt--resource--integration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource.integration`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String)
- `instance` (Attributes) Short-hand descriptor of an integration instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resource--integration--instance))
- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--resource--integration--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource.integration.instance`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the integration instance.
- `id` (String) The integration instance ID.
- `name` (String) The machine name of the integration instance that uniquely identifies it within the catalog.




<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the service.
- `id` (String) The service ID.
- `name` (String) The machine name of the service that uniquely identifies it within the catalog.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import konnect_resource_mapping.my_konnect_resource_mapping "d277faad-ed4e-4c56-a0fb-acce065dee34"
```
