---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "konnect_workload Resource - terraform-provider-konnect-beta"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Workload Resource
---

# konnect_workload (Resource)

Workload Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "konnect_workload" "my_workload" {
  provider = konnect-beta
  cp_id = "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }
  mesh = "...my_mesh..."
  name = "...my_name..."
  spec = {
    # ...
  }
  type = "Workload"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cp_id` (String) Id of the Konnect resource. Requires replacement if changed.
- `mesh` (String) name of the mesh
- `name` (String) name of the Workload
- `spec` (Attributes) Spec is the specification of the Kuma Workload resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))
- `type` (String) the type of the resource. must be "Workload"

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) The labels to help identity resources

### Read-Only

- `creation_time` (String) Time at which the resource was created
- `kri` (String) A unique identifier for this resource instance used by internal tooling and integrations. Typically derived from resource attributes and may be used for cross-references or indexing
- `modification_time` (String) Time at which the resource was updated
- `status` (Attributes) Status is the current status of the Kuma Workload resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))
- `warnings` (List of String) warnings is a list of warning messages to return to the requesting Kuma API clients.
Warning messages describe a problem the client making the API request should correct or be aware of.

<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Read-Only:

- `dataplane_proxies` (Attributes) DataplaneProxies defines statistics of data plane proxies that are part of this workload (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status--dataplane_proxies))

<a id="nestedatt--status--dataplane_proxies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status.dataplane_proxies`

Read-Only:

- `connected` (Number) Connected defines number of connected data plane proxies
- `healthy` (Number) Healthy defines number of healthy data plane proxies for this workload
- `total` (Number) Total defines total number of data plane proxies for this workload

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = konnect_workload.my_konnect_workload
  id = jsonencode({
    cp_id = "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b"
    mesh = "..."
    name = "..."
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import konnect_workload.my_konnect_workload '{"cp_id": "bf138ba2-c9b1-4229-b268-04d9d8a6410b", "mesh": "...", "name": "..."}'
```
